https://cdn16.git.ir/s1/Udemy Introduction to ML NET or Machine Learning with NET-git.ir/001-Introduction-git.ir.mp4
https://cdn16.git.ir/s1/Udemy Introduction to ML NET or Machine Learning with NET-git.ir/001-Introduction-git.ir.srt
https://cdn16.git.ir/s1/Udemy Introduction to ML NET or Machine Learning with NET-git.ir/002-What is Machine Learning-git.ir.mp4
https://cdn16.git.ir/s1/Udemy Introduction to ML NET or Machine Learning with NET-git.ir/002-What is Machine Learning-git.ir.srt
https://cdn16.git.ir/s1/Udemy Introduction to ML NET or Machine Learning with NET-git.ir/003-What is ML NET-git.ir.mp4
https://cdn16.git.ir/s1/Udemy Introduction to ML NET or Machine Learning with NET-git.ir/003-What is ML NET-git.ir.srt
https://cdn16.git.ir/s1/Udemy Introduction to ML NET or Machine Learning with NET-git.ir/004-Finding Patterns-git.ir.mp4
https://cdn16.git.ir/s1/Udemy Introduction to ML NET or Machine Learning with NET-git.ir/004-Finding Patterns-git.ir.srt
https://cdn16.git.ir/s1/Udemy Introduction to ML NET or Machine Learning with NET-git.ir/005-The Machine Learning Process-git.ir.mp4
https://cdn16.git.ir/s1/Udemy Introduction to ML NET or Machine Learning with NET-git.ir/005-The Machine Learning Process-git.ir.srt
https://cdn16.git.ir/s1/Udemy Introduction to ML NET or Machine Learning with NET-git.ir/006-Getting started with ML NET-git.ir.mp4
https://cdn16.git.ir/s1/Udemy Introduction to ML NET or Machine Learning with NET-git.ir/006-Getting started with ML NET-git.ir.srt
https://cdn16.git.ir/s1/Udemy Introduction to ML NET or Machine Learning with NET-git.ir/007-Machine Learning with Model Builder-git.ir.mp4
https://cdn16.git.ir/s1/Udemy Introduction to ML NET or Machine Learning with NET-git.ir/007-Machine Learning with Model Builder-git.ir.srt
https://cdn16.git.ir/s1/Udemy Introduction to ML NET or Machine Learning with NET-git.ir/008-ML NET CLI or Command Line Interface-git.ir.mp4
https://cdn16.git.ir/s1/Udemy Introduction to ML NET or Machine Learning with NET-git.ir/008-ML NET CLI or Command Line Interface-git.ir.srt
https://cdn16.git.ir/s1/Udemy Introduction to ML NET or Machine Learning with NET-git.ir/009-ML NET with C-git.ir.mp4
https://cdn16.git.ir/s1/Udemy Introduction to ML NET or Machine Learning with NET-git.ir/009-ML NET with C-git.ir.srt
https://cdn16.git.ir/s1/Udemy Introduction to ML NET or Machine Learning with NET-git.ir/010-Consuming the Model-git.ir.mp4
https://cdn16.git.ir/s1/Udemy Introduction to ML NET or Machine Learning with NET-git.ir/010-Consuming the Model-git.ir.srt
https://cdn16.git.ir/s1/Udemy Introduction to ML NET or Machine Learning with NET-git.ir/011-Conclusion-git.ir.mp4
https://cdn16.git.ir/s1/Udemy Introduction to ML NET or Machine Learning with NET-git.ir/011-Conclusion-git.ir.srt
https://cdn16.git.ir/s1/Udemy Introduction to ML NET or Machine Learning with NET-git.ir/exercise_files.zip